Blog for removing cross-pod unix domain sockets (#6517)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2020/istio-agent/index.md

---
title: Remove cross-pod unix domain sockets
description: A more secure way to manage secrets.
publishdate: 2020-02-20
attribution: Lei Tang (Google)
keywords: [security, secret discovery service, unix domain socket]
target_release: 1.5
---

> In Istio versions before 1.5, during secret discovery service (SDS),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Istio versions before 1.5, during secret discovery service (SDS) execution,
```

Author: Done.

the SDS client and the SDS server communicate through a cross-pod Unix domain
socket (UDS), which needs to be protected by Kubernetes pod security policies.

With Istio 1.5, Pilot Agent, Envoy, and Citadel Agent will be running in

> the same container (the architecture is in the following diagram).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same container (the architecture is shown in the following diagram).
```

Author: Done.

> To defend attackers eavesdropping on the cross-pod UDS between Envoy (SDS client)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To defend against attackers eavesdropping on the cross-pod UDS between Envoy (SDS client)
```

Author: Done.

and Citadel Agent (SDS server), Istio 1.5 merges Pilot Agent and Citadel Agent

> as Istio Agent and makes the UDS between Envoy and Citadel Agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into a single Istio Agent and makes the UDS between Envoy and Citadel Agent
```

> as Istio Agent and makes the UDS between Envoy and Citadel Agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into a single Istio Agent and makes the UDS between Envoy and Citadel Agent
```

Author: Done.

> be private to the Istio Agent container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
private to the Istio Agent container.
```

Author: Done.

> Istio Agent container is deployed as the sidecar for the backend container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Istio Agent container is deployed as the sidecar of the application service container.
```

Author: Done.
